[WIP] Fall back to op.decompose if op is unsolved in decomposition graph (#8156)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* A :class:`~.decomposition.decomposition_graph.DecompGraphSolution` class is added to store the solution of a decomposition graph. An instance of this class is returned from the `solve` method of the :class:`~.decomposition.decomposition_graph.DecompositionGraph`.
  [(#8031)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8031)

> * With :func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph()`, if the decomposition graph is 
>   unable to find a solution for some operators in the circuit, it no longer
>   raises an error. Instead, a warning is raised, and `op.decomposition()` is
>   used as a fall back, while the rest of the circuit is still decomposed with
>   the new graph-based system. Additionally, a special warning message is
>   raised if the circuit contains a `GlobalPhase`, reminding the user that
>   `GlobalPhase` is not assumed to have a decomposition under the new system.
>   [(#8156)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8156)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the graph-based decomposition system enabled (:func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph()`), if a decomposition cannot be found for an operator in the circuit, it no longer
  raises an error. Instead, a warning is raised, and `op.decomposition()` (the current default method for decomposing gates) is
  used as a fall back, while the rest of the circuit is still decomposed with
  the new graph-based system. Additionally, a special warning message is
  raised if the circuit contains a `GlobalPhase`, reminding the user that
  `GlobalPhase` is not assumed to have a decomposition under the new system.
  [(#8156)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8156)
```

* A :class:`~.decomposition.decomposition_graph.DecompGraphSolution` class is added to store the solution of a decomposition graph. An instance of this class is returned from the `solve` method of the :class:`~.decomposition.decomposition_graph.DecompositionGraph`.
  [(#8031)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8031)

* With the graph-based decomposition system enabled (:func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph()`), if a decomposition cannot be found for an operator in the circuit, it no longer
  raises an error. Instead, a warning is raised, and `op.decomposition()` (the current default method for decomposing gates) is

>   used as a fall back, while the rest of the circuit is still decomposed with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  used as a fallback, while the rest of the circuit is still decomposed with
```
